feat: use custom formats when `textRenderer` returns `false` (#363)
toorshia/justgage: README.md

| symbol               | `''`                                | Special symbol to show next to value                                                       |
| min                  | `0`                                 | Min value                                                                                  |
| minTxt               | `false`                             | Min value text, overrides `min` if specified                                               |
| max                  | `100`                               | Max value                                                                                  |
| maxTxt               | `false`                             | Max value text, overrides `max` if specified                                               |
| reverse              | `false`                             | Reverse min and max                                                                        |
| humanFriendlyDecimal | `0`                                 | Number of decimal places for our human friendly number to contain                          |

> | textRenderer         | `null`                              | Function applied before redering text `(value) => value` return false for common behaviour |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| textRenderer         | `null`                              | Function applied before redering text `(value: number) => value` return `false` to format value based on config options |
```

Author: done
